this goes to my friends erzfeindes
topic at the start and welcome
to the 5 gta 5 börsentipps and indeed it works
today for the pee shares
tnk and there you invest with everyone
three characters maike franklin and
into the money
Everything you own buys the shit
and good of course you should mine
Stock Exchange Tips 1 to 4
we already did that
about 13 14 million dollars on the
have an account and we are buying now
as I said with all three characters
From these stocks we correctly
with all three characters totally broke
are
if we have done that my friends
We also drive on the map
Marked point the title I'll show you
get here right after me
with michael with trevor this tinkl share
You bought yes you see again
That's where the internet comes in here
Video
I have to explain more cordially
and that's the point you will then
look the same, where it starts a
random event when investing
these blue dots or red dots
on the map from time to dive
these random events and that
start there no matter what time of day
and it is the event the accidental
Event hitchhiker 1 or for the
play english version is it is
a relatively easy random mission
it's about a banker in there
the one car breakdown has to the airport too
drive
You mean two in game hours
Time to arrive there is a bit
short but feasible also explained the same
how he does it and the flight divided
always two hours later from
the time from where you see the passenger
with the accommodating should then absorbs and
then drive to the airport for this
mission selects her franklin for the
This special ability has this
drive slow motion car and there you can
then with your card just full throttle
give most of it is highway of the
You see, you get forgiven with grass
and drive most of the time in this
special event at the same time
seen though shorter unverschildter
function but you see and that's what you do
use special ability for the thing
if he counts the bets the
seconds even at this time
practically so it will hardly be time for you
subtracted as you can see I think I have
me once a ingame hour halt for the
away to the airport needed that 's up
definitely a really good trick to
one while then still in the
opposing colors or sofas or
the ability also invites the whole
time again and you can almost the
all the way
in this capacity of so here now
see my friends on the map
left in the west to los santos
this highway where you get to this
Beach houses can turn because there has
the type to be mature panne learn her
then with franklin now so i do that
do then you also invite yourself here
Yourself on the card Blaupunkt
appeared you take the type from now
it goes around
time is now running two minutes
time two minutes right time two
hours of ingame time take you on
Best I search the subject mobile phone high
then you can see what time it is
and you see here with the
special ability as I do that
hardly any time and you come easy
Peasy really fast at the station
harbor station is already here I am full
drunk or he comes really fast
at the airport and at the airport the same
arrived gives you this hitchhiker
this banker i eat my 100 dollars
horny types 100 dollars earned no
You make fun of these 100 dollars
and he will give you this stock exchange tip
the angle shares he already has
bought and says that in the
increase sharply next day
my friends are getting fuller now
you leave here first the airport
because it persists as long as the
taxi area then you have the want on
Ass and then you stop now
over and over again the stock market
in the eye best here every minute yours
pull out the phone and use the app
Check and then stop in the eye
keep like that and the maximum profit of this
tinkl shares you see that here in the
background is 60.9 260 9 2 percent and
I've tried it higher stands the
share not even converse with me
then it went down again and that
we have to look that we have this
percentage reached or achieved when
he had reached 60 5 so shock halt
even if he wanted to be sure
it's just peanuts that's right
great guy so we come here now
equal to almost $ 2 trillion
now here with michael also the shit
go and do it here with Michael
now round up a win alone
from 800 million dollars to 800 million
dollar I doing here with michael and
I ended up with Michael
my account is 2.1 trillion dollars
rounded off after all these five
Stock advice I have shown here
after the story play for the big one
ding the big thing was the start capital
for this
and if you all that's what I have
then you have the two now
trillion dollars or like michael hero 2
1 trillion dollars on an account could
spend it is too much
no matter i would go over my thumb
If you like this video above
has helped with questions in the
I like to continue
leave an abo da if he has more of these
you want to see tips videos you get quite
a whole lot of gta 5 remains online
healthy my friends I'm out eur 11